or more
it's another night that I wake up without power
sleep there is a voice inside me that
it means something that fights for my dream
with patience and commitment that despite
the obstacles do not stop trying
I'm still here unloading my anger in the
mine even if you think nothing happens to me
I carry that emptiness inside you for a long time
I see I'm laughing
matured I wonder what the fuck
is happening in this world families
evicted people voted in the streets without
right nothing in these times that run
where the rich richer and the poor are more
poor
suffering tremendous political situation
they believe that the valuable thing is in their
pockets but what's really valuable is
in the heart if they knew how many times
I fell but I got up again
If they knew how many times I lost
to later be able to earn more now I do not
I will give up I will never leave
to fight I know that the road will not be easy
but I have a dream that achieve live the
life and let live
that the best is yet to come that the most
important is the dirty money if not
outside the people who most want to smile
that hip hop real union we are not
problems are the solution I imagine
that we all unite and together we fight
for the revolution I know that everything will change
sooner or later they do not catalog us
to close because apart from closing
we are also human beings always me
has turned when I've been lost cougars
understood when I've been wrong and
thanks to you is smiled and learned that
I have nothing to hide I have nothing
that hide there is a voice inside me that
I have to take out so as not to suffer
and to be able to feel what I want
make me convey what I write in
the paper I have nothing to hide there
a voice inside me that I have to take out
not to suffer and be able to explain to
meaning I want to make it transmit
what I write on the paper convey what
I live in the moment